= No Backsies

== DESCRIPTION

NoBacksies is a callback layer built on top of Ruby's built-in callback
methods. It makes it possible to add new callbacks very easily, without
having to fuss with more nuanced issues of defining and redefining callback
methods.


== RESOURCES

* {Homepage}[http://rubyworks.github.com/no_backsies]
* {Development}[http://github.com/rubyworks/no_backsies]
* {Mailing List}[http://groups.google.com/group/rubyworks-mailinglist]
* {API Reference}[http://rubydoc.info/gems/no_backsies/frames]
* {Demonstrandum}[http://rubyworks.github.com/no_backsies/QED.html]


== EXAMPLES

Here is a very simple example of how NoBacksies works.

  class Y
    include NoBacksies::Callbacks

    def self.list
      @list ||= []
    end

    callback :method_added do |method|
      list << method
    end

    def foo; end
    def bar; end
  end

  Y.list #=> [:foo, :bar]

Here is another example taken from the Anise[http://rubyworks.github.com/anise]
project.

  class Y
    include Anise
    include NoBacksies

    def self.doc(string)
      callback :method_added, :once=>true do |method|
        self.ann(method, :doc=>string)
      end
    end

    doc "foo is cool"
    def foo
      # ...
    end
  end

  Y.ann(:foo, :doc) #=> "foo is cool"

See the QED documentation for more examples.


== INSTALLATION

Install the RubyGems package in the usual fashion.

  $ gem install no_backsies


== CONTRIBUTE

=== Development

Source code is hosted on GitHub[http://github.com/rubyworks/qed].
If you'd like to submit a patch please fork the repository and
submit a pull request (ideally in a topic branch).

=== Testing

QED[http://rubyworks.github.com/qed] is used to testing.

  $ gem install qed

To run the tests:

  $ qed [path/to/test]

=== Donations

Software development is very time consuming. Rubyworks does a lot of FOSS 
development for el <i>$0</i>. We do it for the love of programming and
for Ruby. Just the same any dollars that do come are way helps us continue
the effort. So anything you may offer will help these projects continue to
florish. See the {Rubyworks Homepage}[http://rubyworks.github.com]. 

Thanks.


== LEGAL

(BSD 2 License)

Copyright (c) 2011 Thomas Sawyer

Unless otherwise negotiated with the original author, NoBacksies is
distributable under the terms of the BSD 2-clause license.

See the LICENSE.rdoc file for details.
